Look into the future
What do you imagine yourself doing?
Maybe an architect?
Perhaps a fitness instructor?
A health practitioner
Or even a helicopter pilot
Right now, you might not know
exactly what job is for you
But don’t worry…
Just go to Barclays Lifeskills and register
There you’ll find our Wheel of Strengths
A tool to help you find
a career that suits you
It’s simple…
First of all, click the skills
you feel you’re good at
Then choose your interests
And finally think about what
personality traits best describe you.
Then spin the wheel and see what happens!
You’ll be presented with some suggestions
for jobs that suit your skills,
interests and personality traits
And who knows?
You might find the perfect career path for you
A world of possibilities awaits
So, what are you waiting for?
Give it a go.
Click here to find out more about your future.